TODO
put json files in assets folder

do cc sa-by license for all assets (just like action steve)

get flipping right

set collision detection

evaluate code and see if you can make improvements
    using the command pattern is a good start
    make uml diagram and other documentation
        use stuff on site for documentation and uml, don't just commit it.

set hops for editor and making simple suburban park, do hops
    keep uml and other documentation up to date.

any refactoring or other design improvements?

what do you really need to keep in oldnotes.txt?

CURRENTLY WORKING ON
bug fixing and sundry tasks

ON DEV CYCLE STAGE
Not in a stage yet

DEV CYCLE (change this up as you learn)
decide what feature you're going to add next

make generalized design [big marker on napkin, only a few sentences]

on a high level, decide what [sprints?] will be needed to accomplish this design

get a little more specific designing your next [sprint?]

come up with more granular hops for the first [sprint?]

always have two copies of uml, one for "finished", one for "working-on". Make documentation for first hop and add to working_on.dia for first hop.

do all hops until sprint is done, do all sprints until feature is added

test feature (should really learn how to write/do tests up front)

look for bugs and squash them, do a similar dev cycle for them.

add feature to saving (if necessary) and editor, do similar to above for editor addition

add new game content using new feature

evalute design, do you need to refactor or do any other improvements, do a similar dev cycle for those.

repeat

WHAT'S NEXT?
    editor
    simple suburban park area
    saving (for now just your location)
    interactables
        they animate, move of their own accord, have state,
            you can dialog with them. They are treasure chests
            doors(they can block your way or become non-blocking)
            npcs and all kindsa things
    populate the park with kids and other kinds of interactables
    inventory
        you can use things with other things or use them on interactibles
    make a separate level that has similarities to the park but everything is sci fi and monsters
        some kids play along and others don't so you have monsters saying "I don't wanna play
            your stupid game". But you are collecting stuff, keys, unlocking doors, etc.
            it's all pretend.
    simple battle
        hp, attack, defense, no equipment
        no separate mode like earthbound
        make it realtime?
    add battle to pretend session
    equipment and items
    add another battle to pretend session using these
        you get in-game bonuses for using or getting equipment?
    cutscenes
        What is a cutscene but a bunch of interactibles doing things on cue
    add suburban street, add cutscene with bullies and sister, add battle with bullies
    sliding, animated images cutscenes or "movies"
    intro movie and beginning and ending credits
    make installer, should be very easy for users.
    skills? (hacking, psychic powers, crafting...)
    anything else?
    start writing game script, think about the process of script writing as you do.
    add features and game content showing those features as you see the need for
        new features as you write.
