--STORY SCRIPT--
[note: anything in brackets are used for author commentary]
Synopsis:
The player-character/hero (Aniyah Booker or whatever the player names her) and her neighborhood, is scooped up and transported to an unfamiliar solar system, in which there is an entire field of scooped-up pieces of worlds. [hmmmm... perhaps that's too many?] Creatures/aliens from another world-piece come to attack her neighborhood. The adults tell their children to hide while they go fight the invaders. They are captured and the neighborhood is wrecked. Some children are captured too but our hero and her sister (along with some others she discovers later) are able to hide.

The leader of the invasion (a skeleton looking guy in an outfit that is part motorcycle-ruffian, part evil wizard/knight, and part pirate) takes her parents back to his world. [I had the idea that the parents and others would later be scattered to a bunch of the other worlds, maybe one or two adults and a few kids could be rescued) thus motivating our characters to go out and explore the world-pieces. Perhaps this is the last act of a defeated villain "I have one last bit of magic to use!!" and then he scatters them all.]

Aniyah discovers two creatures fighting over a trinket that they stole from the leader. She finds this out because the two mention it while arguing. Aniyah takes them out and then takes the device for herself, which gives her psychic powers (telepathy, telekinesis, mind-reading, far-seeing, the equivalent to force-persuasion, the whole deal) [should we make in-game consequences to unethical use of mind-reading? hmm...] [eventually all her friends should get special gadgets, have hidden or new powers, get pets, super-ninja training, something.] Aniyah uses her psychic powers to find the other kids. Her sister starts learning about all this alien technology. Another kid starts learning about magic [they'll be our magic user in a later game]. The kids discover stuff about their enemy, fight monsters, etc. We give the impression that the others are tagging along by making them npc's, but for now Aniyah fights alone [because the game engine won't support multiple player characters :) ]

Eventually there is a final battle with the bad guy, who scatters their parents and friends all over the world-pieces. The kids decide to search for them. They also free a "pet" kept captive and abused by the bad guy, whose powers were used by the bad guy without its consent to attack people from other world-pieces, and who has been helping them in subtle ways all along the adventure. The kids take a ship from the lair of the bad guy, his minions now gone (scattered away in fear) and go off on adventures. The End. [at least for this first game.]

We begin the story before her neighborhood has been taken. 

Game Play Screen Play:
Credits fade in one at a time. "Made by [insert name of game dev group here, Rabid Weasels? Robo-Potato?]", "using the Silly RPG game engine" etc. We then cue the title screen. [What's a good title? World Piece?] We then fade to Suburbia, [this is the actual name of the city, the city of Suburbia, maybe the title over the shots of people walking around in the neighborhood, the gas station/convienience-store says "The City of Suburbia" fade out, then fade to "The night it happened".

We move to a cut-scene with Aniyah. We see her using a stick as if it were a sword. [Just to be clear this is now an in-game cutscene, we see the little avatar move around, animated with a little sword. Her dialog is shown in the same dialog window you would see if she were talking with an npc.] She's in an enclosure of trees at a local park, playing pretend. She should be looking after her sister but has lost track of her.

Aniyah: (holding her sword toward an imaginary foe) "I don't know who you think you're messing with Ultra-Saur, but you'd better let go of the prince before I get mad." (She then moves over to the spot where ultra saur was supposed to be and laughs. "Ha Ha Ha, Don't make me laugh Aniyah Star-Basher! you are no match for me and my army of Space-Droids!" She moves to the other side, now the hero again, and says "You asked for it dino-doof, TAKE THIS!" more sword-waving "AND THAT!!---"

suddenly Aniyah's fun is interrupted by "ANIYAH!!! HELP!!!" Aniyah turns in the direction of her sister and then starts running. "Huh? Lil' Sis?" she runs off-screen [perhaps walks fast if I don't want to draw extra animation frames] and then we come to a windy walk-way that goes from left to right. The player as the option to talk with the npc kids that are on the parkway and the one's that are in the grass, on the park merry-go-rount, etc. They're either talking about their own stuff or they are saying they just heard a kid yell, "Isn't that your sister Aniyah?" maybe some of the kids that will later accompany her on her adventures are first seen here.

Finally we come to a spot where two bullys are playing keep-away with Bonnie's computer. [Bonnie is the name of Aniyah's sister.]

Bully1: "Got yer computer nerd! What are ya gonna do about it!" (he's holding the computer above his head. (or maybe the computer is just put in front of the the bully npc and we pretend that it looks like their holding it. :) )

Bully2: [I think maybe showing their names as Bully1 and Bully2 is kinda cool. The kids probably have to rescue them from evil creatures later on?] "Hey we could probably install Space-Nazi's from Mars on that thing!"

Bully1: "I didn't know you'd bought that."

Bully2: "Who said anything about buying it?" [yuk yuk :P ]

Bonnie: "Give it back! Aniyah, help me!"
choose 0 or 1

0
Aniyah: "Theives! Return my sister's computational device to her!"
Bonnie: "You guys hear that! You're in trouble now!"
Bully1: "Who dya think you are? Captain Fantastic? [Captain Fantastic is a fictional character in this universe that I just made up] You're nothing special."
got to 2

1
Aniyah: "Whatevs. Guess you don't have a computer now sis."
Bonnie: "Aniyah!"
Bully1: "Yah hear that? The computer's ours now!"
Bully2: (to Aniya) "Hey, you're alright. You wanna go beat up on the other kids?"
choose 3 or 4

2
Bully2: "Here.. [the bully throws the computer to bonnie, who catches it. Then both bullies move toward Aniyah.]",
Bonnie: "Jerks!" (we then move to her 'typing at the computer' animation) "Is it broken?"
Bully1: (All three big kids go to a fighting stance animation) "We're going to teach you a lesson Dweeb!"
Cut to Battle Scene

3
Aniyah: "Hah! As if I would help a villain like you attack defenseless children! Have at thee!"
go to 2

4
Aniyah: "Sounds awesome."
Bully1: "Uh huh. We're not fooled at all. We know you think you're some kinda super hero."
go to 2

Battle Scene:



[at some point I would like a suburband street from left to right with the neighbors outside and on the street, maybe after the fight scene.]






NOTES

Main Character: Aniyah Booker
Like Lina Inverse as a little kid. Cockey. She's the leader of a small group of misfit friends but most people think her and her group are weird.

Aniyah and her friends live in the same neighborhood, which is scooped out of its city and placed among other scoops from other worlds, fantasy, sci fi, whatever you want.

Bonnie Booker: Aniyah's little genius sister.


Do a short first episode where Aniyah fights a villan that keeps a marvelous creature (digimon) as a pet, saves the creature, and becomes friends with it. Her other friends are having adventures too but they're not yet playable characters


